Replace double quotes in code with single codes (#24044)
python/cpython: Doc/library/argparse.rst

   >>> parser = argparse.ArgumentParser(
   ...     description='A foo that bars',

>    ...     epilog='And that's how you'd foo a bar')

Reviewer: This is a syntax error.

Author: Oh you are right. I must have missed that.

```suggestion
   ...     epilog="And that's how you'd foo a bar")
```
